(Hello, Chuu!)
Yves: It's expensive floor, right?
Yves: You can't put your foot on here like this...
Chuu: Yes!
Chuu: This marble floor remind me of stone-plate-grilled egg...
Yves: Hey guys, stone-grilled!
(Don't talk at the same time...)
Chuu: I recommend you to eat stone-plate grilled food!
(Go Won dancing on the stone-plate floor!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
Go Won: Hi!
ViVi: Did you do well?
(ViVi is saying something to her!)
Go Won: Pardon?
ViVi: You looked like a doll!
Go Won: Oh, really?
Go Won: (Bragging) I put this kind of thing on my wrist!
Yves: Good
Go Won: There is a kind of problem wit sound...
(Chuu hugging Go Won!)
Go Won: So we're waiting for fix to it.
ViVi: I think..
ViVi: Go Won will be more bright
ViVi: If she will hang out with Chuu more often~
(Also ViVi likes Chuu & Go Won's combination!)